Excuse me?
The host just said it wrong.
Today's groom is not Mr. Li Wushuang
That's his younger brother Li Dongjie, the second young master of the Li family
What's the matter with you, Miss Tang?
Okay, you go down first
I say it myself
I'm sorry everyone, there's a reason for the wedding today
I think it's worth explaining to you
First of all, it was indeed a few years ago
I have established an engagement with Mr. Li Wushuang
And you all know that.
At that time, he was the crown prince of the Li family
Just graduated from college
With a vengeance
I think
This is the most attractive part of a man
I believe
Every woman wants her man to pursue her
Ask for something
This is the sense of security that women desire most
And I was also surprised by Master Lu
Also well-intentioned
Let Mr. Li Wushuang go out to hone
I hope he can prove himself with his own strength
Good to inherit the huge consul
Finally, everyone knows that 5 years have passed
Our Prince Li
Still incompetent selling fried noodles on the street
You can marry migrant workers as brothers
In the end, our Master Li was also disappointed
Decided to choose our second young master of the Li family
Inherit Lee
Our superior Mr. Li Wushuang
And finally the dust falls
Not worthy of my five years of expectations and hard work
I'm not a heartless person
But I can't take the happiness of my life
Wasted in a world without pursuit
And mediocre men
So
I chose to ruin Mr. Li Wushuang's marriage today
Marry the second young master
I think you can understand
Ok I support
I also support
Here we go. Here we go.
Daughter, you are finally enlightened, I advise you
You are the phoenix among people
How can it enter the sewage pond?
Tari No Frost
It doesn't match your leather shoes.
What's more, it is considerate to marry you
Then, Mr. Li Wushuang, what else do you have to say?
Of?